Add debug module for measuring CPU load (#1272)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/debug/cpu_load.rst

    - Toggling the periodic load measurement logging.
    - Enabling the alignment of the clock sources for more accurate measurement.
    - Choosing the TIMER instance for the load measurement.

Usage
*****

The module allows for the following usage scenarios:

Enabling the module
    Use :cpp:func:`cpu_load_init` to initialize the module.
    Calling this function resets the the TIMER peripheral and the system clock.

    The module can be enabled also by using the ``cpu_load init`` command, if you enabled the shell commands.

Getting the results
    After the initialization, you can get the CPU load value by calling the :cpp:func:`cpu_load_get` function.
        - If called for the first time, the function will provide the load value since the start of the measurement period.
        - If called after a reset, the function will provide the load value since the last reset.

    You can also get the CPU load value by using the ``cpu_load get`` or the ``cpu_load`` command, if you enabled the shell commands.

    In the periodic load measurement logging, the :cpp:func:`cpu_load_get` function is called alternately with the :cpp:func:`cpu_load_reset`.

Resetting the measurement

>     You can reset the the TIMER peripheral and the system clock by using :cpp:func:`cpu_load_reset`.

Reviewer: Resetting of the system clock sounds a bit scary. Maybe this sentence could be rephrased?

Author: changed to `system clock readout`

    In the periodic load measurement logging, the :cpp:func:`cpu_load_get` function is called alternately with the :cpp:func:`cpu_load_reset`.

Resetting the measurement

>     You can reset the TIMER peripheral and the system clock readout by using :cpp:func:`cpu_load_reset`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can reset the TIMER peripheral and the system clock read-out by using :cpp:func:`cpu_load_reset`.
```
`read-out`, according to Merriam Webster dictionary.
